adding sps only mode (#20)
aswinayyolath/stretch-kafka-docs: docs/Deploying-Strimzi-in-Stretch-Mode.md

  value: 'true'
```

!!! note

>     ✅ Optionally, we can set `STRIMZI_POD_SET_RECONCILIATION_ONLY` in the remote cluster operator deployment to true so that all the other controllers that handle other custom resources do not start.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ✅ Optionally, we can set `STRIMZI_POD_SET_RECONCILIATION_ONLY` to true in the remote cluster operator deployment. This ensures that only the `SPS` controller runs, preventing other controllers from starting and handling other custom resources.
```
